hey guys this is a mega xmod here today
we're playing diablo 3 and I've got
quite a neat guide to earning quite a
lot of cash very quickly I've had people
earning about 10k every couple minutes
on this and it's really quite easy to do
so I'm on ax 1 inferno here it's better
to go on a later quest and then you just
use the weight point go to the old ruins
run down through here when you reach
here get a checkpoint
and there it is it's open now what we've
got in here we've got boss over there
but if you're a wizard or a game hunter
whatever you can actually shoot him from
out here and there's a bug where he
won't come out and attack you so you can
actually kill him with like really crap
gear but really high magic and gold fine
so you get loads of better items so it's
going and killing my gold find a magic
find isn't that good so well I haven't I
haven't got any gold fine but I've got
some magic fine and I'm getting about 1k
each run on this so I mean I'm going to
improve my I'm gonna improve my gold
mine very soon and I get some new gear
and that's all it is I mean um the
seller isn't always open there but it's
open about every free runs so to do
another run
okay so I've just selected latest quest
I've got on there zoom game let us fight
this evil together Oh twister on Diablo
himself once is one we run past is oh
and it's open again so we can just go in
to again what happened to this true
it's not hard boss it'll either say
especially if your demon hunter Weber
and you can just stand outside and still
get all this stuff
and then we log and we do it again this
time though because the checkpoints been
saved there when we resume game will go
straight there instead of having Tuesday
waypoints that's even quicker let us
fight this I don't seem to work this
time but usually you can repeat from
over here cuz there is a checkpoint over
here we all blow himself and it's I'm
very lucky on this video it's open again
what happens in this treasure
how easy is that
I'm getting you know like two blues each
time it's brilliant really so that's all
you got to do I mean there are times
where it doesn't show up but you just
teleport home and look out and then do
it again and it's just really really
easy I mean I've I've learned personally
myself about 60k in about half an hour
maybe maybe less yeah it's very easy so
I hope this has helped hope you enjoyed
the video please subscribe if you're
interested in my specifications on my
computer then definitely check check out
my benchmark videos and all that stuff I
will be doing more Diablo free videos so
stay tuned and I'll see you soon thanks
mega its model
you